hey viewers how's it going so I was
something a bit weird I just woke up um
but I asked in my last video I oh god I
asked in my last video if anyone could
tell me about the codon on desert that
picture of Desmond and somebody did its
code master Baltimore again like her
sending the last video told me about the
numbers now he told me what to do so
he's also told me the Kitab different
things like 911 twentyforseven be 2012
and it will cover different things and
basically we could do is we're going to
come on here and the passcode is Desmond
so we searched up Desmond little load
now this is the i think i'm pretty sure
this is declaration of independence so
yeah here it is july 4th 1776 it may
well be able to sure the deck look the
unanimous declaration of the thirteen
united states of america so now what
we're going to do is well click the side
for the Declaration decipher it we go
now we need to get this big long code so
the big long code which was on that
picture of Desmond we copy it paste it
and submit it now let's see what this
thing does if the first civ couldn't
save the world how the hell are we
supposed to swing it what the hell does
that mean okay hang on copy google it
little weight into well google it
all right nobody seems to know what it
means right well nobody seems to know
what that means the first see if
couldn't save the world how the hell are
we supposed to swing it there's a little
hyphen there so I'm not too sure whether
that's saying that's the different
sentence I'm not too sure but you also
said to type into everything so let's
let's try some of the others so let's go
with 9 / 11 so this comes up with E it's
just an e just the letter e okay so put
in 21st wait actually is it the American
day on these use reverse 12 12 90 21st
12 12 but lucky pressing enter submit
seal this cool solution comes up with
shall wear a no idea desmond switch off
in desmond so it comes up time today I'm
surprised name wrong Desmond dot sleepy
now submit there we go decipher
incomplete don't know
through topping corner can way so it
comes up with that I'm just trying to
rethink let's drop an X here it probably
come up with deciphering complete is to
fly that one up yeah it's often complete
so that's okay
yeah maybe if we were to go what if we
were to only do part of it so say we
went to there and then did that and then
submit that or that come up with first
could sever how we suppose no mind um
yeah so think Punk has it
wait what
like what k ' should write this down so
it comes up so we get from it because
that isn't what it was t apostrophe s H
this is just nothing is it in i'm going
to write this down it's ridiculous if
you want to if you want to try this out
link will be in the description as if
you can find anything I'll find anything
else be sure to comment down in the
comment section below like this guy did
actually didn't he what he did that's
how he commented saying yeah I did
something I I did mean something good
his website hey watch out and so and
then he sent me a message so that's
pretty cool so hey guys thanks for
watching be sure to go check this out
yourself comment if you can find any
other like decipher e thingamajig is out
and peace out